Update object_basics.md: fix grammar (#30677)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/javascript_basics/object_basics.md

element.style.backgroundColor = "red";
```

> We're changing the variable we declared (`element`), yet the changes affect the corresponding node in the DOM. Why does it happen? It's because the node we have in our code is a **reference** to the same node that our DOM uses. If (`element`) wasn't a reference, but instead was a copy (like primitive data types), our changes would have **no** effect! This is because the changes would be made to the local copy we have only.

Reviewer: I do think the are some grammar improvements to be made in this paragraph, but there are some counter-suggestions below:
- A few general grammar tweaks to yours
- It's very important we use the verb "mutate" here and not "change", because "change" (as a verb) is often used by people to casually describe both mutation and reassignment, which are completely different mechanisms. e.g. "How come we can push to that const array? I thought const means you can't change it!"
  "Change"/"changes" is fine when used as a noun here because it's already been established that they're referring to changes made specifically by mutation, but they must not be used as a verb here.

```suggestion
We're mutating the variable we declared (`element`), yet the changes affect the corresponding node in the DOM. Why does it happen? The node we have in our code is a **reference** to the same node that our DOM uses. If `element` wasn't a reference, but instead was a copy of the node itself (like how primitive data types behave), mutating it would have **no** effect because changes would only affect the copy, not the original.
```
